well howdy there internet people its
beau again so today we've got to talk
about propaganda specifically how
propaganda relates to terrorism a couple
of weeks ago I did a video on terrorism
what it is and how it works I strongly
suggest you go back and watch it but the
key takeaways that are important to this
conversation is that terrorist is not a
slur this guy is a terrorist but it's
not because he walked into a room and
killed a much innocent people he's a
terrorist because he's using a strategy
and that strategy is to provoke an
overreaction from the establishment now
when that over reaction occurs and it
always does if the general populace
identifies more with the terrorist group
than the establishment well then they
start siding with the terrorists that's
how it works that's what terrorism is
designed to do fascists have a very hard
time with this because they're not
relatable fascists are not relatable
people okay there's not a whole lot that
can be done to fascist that is going to
offend the general population hang him
from lamppost nobody cares they're
fascists the reason this this manifesto
was such a brilliant piece of propaganda
was because it attempted to make him
relatable there's little nods
to various groups throughout it like the
the Navy SEAL copypasta for those that
don't know that whole bit about being a
Navy SEAL that that's a it's a text meme
that's been circulated forever so it was
a it was a nod to that group subscribe
to pootie pie it's a nod to that group
his ideological journey which I'm fairly
certain is manufactured but we'll get to
that it was a nod to these various
groups who deep I is he a racist I don't
know I've never watched anything that
he's ever done I know that there's some
kind of debate over it but for the sake
of conversation we're gonna say
not because it doesn't matter it doesn't
matter because he was mentioned there
will be a backlash against him it's it's
inevitable what do his fans then have to
do they have to make a choice do they
defend him and if they do who do they
begin to identify with
that's how terrorism works that's how it
spreads that's how people become
radicalized now the ideological journey
from left to right is I doubt that it's
true I doubt that it's true because it's
a very odd journey and the other thing
that's very unique is that they all have
militant groups in them it's almost as
if they were specifically chosen in
hopes of radicalizing the militants
within each one of these groups the
libertarians are mentioned yeah and
there is a libertarian - fascist
pipeline that exists seriously you guys
need to clean out your house y'all need
to get your stuff in order
good luck in the next election hi the
Libertarian Party were the people that
brought you the crying Nazi and the New
Zealand shooter right now there's a
whole bunch of libertarians getting
defensive don't do that that's the whole
point
don't do that everything I just said
it's true but the way I presented it it
was to make you get defensive don't do
that
what's your response yeah he was a
libertarian he didn't start killing
people until he became a fascist he
didn't start hurting people until he
embraced white nationalism you've got to
keep that wall up it's the most
important thing you as an average
citizen can do to combat terrorism you
have to keep the terrorist group
marginalized you have to keep them
unrelatable that's what's important it's
it's it's extremely important that you
do this because if this group becomes
relatable to the average person people
start to radicalize they start to
identify with the tear
group more than the establishment and in
this case that's a really really bad
thing sometimes terrorism can be used
for good go back and watch the other
video oh it's a strategy it's a strategy
the founding fathers were terrorists
textbook this this is not the situation
like that this is a situation in which
if people begin to identify with this
group of people there will be lots of
bloodshed of innocence that's what's
going to happen so we have to make sure
that they stay unrelatable and point out
the flaws in their ideology i had
somebody tell me when i talked about
white culture so the white culture
really meant Western civilization and
that's you know a drive towards more
independence and you know individualism
well that's kind of true
I don't see how collectivizing yourself
by race by skin tone supports that it's
actually in direct contradiction to it
point out the flaw the flaws in the
ideology and make sure they stay
unrelatable that is what you can do as
as the average person to stop this form
of terrorism anyway it's just thought
y'all have a good night